# sharkcafecam
SharkCafe Cam - white shark camera tag with behavior detection triggered video

### How to navigate this repository
First of all, welcome to Shark Cafe Cam. The first thing that you will need to review is the "ToolList.md" file. This will provide you with the necessary tools and optional tools that will assist you with completing this project. Each tool is listed as the name of the tool, cost, and the blue hyperlink text which will take you the the website to order that tool. Tools that are listed as optional are not necessary for the project but can provide some ease with certain aspects but they are not necessary. The tools listed as none optional were chosen as ideal due to the fact that you can go to your local hardware store and purchase these tools. These are not the specific tools we used for this project but are merely recommendations. Feel free to find, borrow, or use other tools that will provide the same function.

For further navigation of this repository, each folder describes a certain component of the overall project. The subfolders within each of these folders has  a combination of subfolder including a readme.md, mechanical, electrical, and software. First, you should open the "readme.md" which provides necessary information or steps for that component. The Mechanical describes any physical component or mechanism for that component. The electrical describes the components used and how the were wired. The software describes any software that was used to control the electrical components. 

The first two folders to open are the tools list and soldering basics. The tools list describes all necessary tools to work with or create the necessary components of this project. Soldering Basics describes the process of soldering and some tips that may help with completing or ensuring the stability of components. 
